first of all talking about some of the
things that floating around this morning
it's not the right time or place to talk
talk about my relationship with Dan
Schneider or it's not the right time in
place to talk about something that
happened a year ago I'll get a chance to
talk to Dan at the end of the season and
I'll give them some viewpoints for me
I'm sure he'll give me his thoughts and
what direction will go and so we'll
communicate that at the proper time I
take full responsibility for this game
today and then have a players ready to
play I thought they were ready to play
now we didn't obviously horrendous some
special teams give them a big play after
big play then tackle like we normally
tackle on defense offensively a couple
good things gonna get anything going in
the second half so I'll put that all on
me
any questions coach there's been a
couple times over the course of the last
few weeks when something's come out that
wasn't true and you did even in season
say that it wasn't why not do that in
this situation well like I said there's
no one focus I have no anytime that
you're you know three and nine or three
and ten there's going to be constantly
things brought up time after time
there's one thing that I'll talk about
and it'll be in the Atlanta Falcons
we'll talk about the remaining three
games so I'm not gonna go down that road
because I understand what happens when
you have to having the type of season
that we're having couple weeks ago you
said that every player every coach was
playing and coaching for their job after
a loss like this do you worry about all
about your job in the staff wrestling he
said you know my focus is gonna be on
Atlanta I'm not gonna get away from that
we've got a lot of work to do did a poor
job getting them ready today
I will get them ready that next week
we've got to play in a much higher level
to have a chance to be a good football
team and that's totally on my shoulders
so in short you're gonna talk about what
you feel like talking about but not
anything else well if you'd like to work
that way I don't like to work that way
I'd like to you know talk about the job
at hand not speculation and
or my relationship I'd like to focus on
the job at hand Mike if you had a
conversation with Dan Snyder since that
story came like I said we're gonna talk
we'll talk about football we'll talk
about Atlanta I'm not gonna get into
details about my relationship with Dan
or about the reports that circle this
morning just said you know we're going
through a season like this one but
you've really never gone through a
season quite like this one even though
you're in Denver when you guys kind of
collapse TLA had retired and TD got her
you've never been through any quick the
save you know I haven't my Ellen was a
football team that did what we did the
year before and relative to the last guy
I mean fairly healthy until the last
couple weeks you know lost a couple guys
in the last few weeks but before that
this year that's frustrating it's
frustrating not to be able to close some
games and you know I told you that I
could do a better job getting these guys
ready to play today was one of our poor
games some big plays on special teams
and oh they got great returners but they
made us look pretty poor today field
position was off the charts
my get independent of that report did do
you want to remain the coach here and do
you believe you can keep on talking
about this and I think I made my point
any question about football like this
how do you get the team prepared
obviously whatever it happened this week
didn't work well I told them I did a
poor job get him ready I thought you
even I took your work to play and
anytime you know you do that just said
hey it's my responsibility to get you
ready for Atlanta
I apologize for them not get them ready
to play because that's my job to play a
higher level when we did today I found
in the second half we came up initially
did some great things are excellent
things on defense now we kind of get
things going on offense but collectively
we have to play much better we did coach
when you're three and nine now I guess
three and ten the critics will ask the
question you know give me proof that you
haven't lost the ballclub
after a performance like today what do
you say to those critics to make them
understand that you have not lost the
ballclub
how do you prove I think what you have
to do is take a look at each game when
the next three games and see how we play
I can't say anything about today because
that speaks for itself all we got to do
is think about in Atlanta our football
team general or coaching staff and do
the best job we can getting ready to
play their tackles for sacks in the
first half I mean would you agree that
that does lend credence to some people
who say he might have lost this ballclub
well I take full responsibility of that
people are gonna say what's going to say
special when you're three and ten and
rightfully so they have they have the
right to say critique my job is to get
these guys to play better and hopefully
I do Mike was the decision to put in
Kirk just strictly score and time on the
game related or was there anything
performance related with Robert I told
Robert you know if they scored on a play
before I thought the game was outreach
and once I felt like the game was out of
reach I was gonna put Kirk in there
which they'd done anybody any position
we'll talk about that for looking at
injuries look at where we're at what
direction were going else
San Francisco Moss I guess I know it's
difficult for a coach to kind of
encapsulate the words right after a game
you called the San Francisco loss an
embarrassment a low point I mean come
walking off the field today and in these
quick moments here can you summarize put
your finger on just arrived I took full
responsibility for that I'm gonna go any
further if you like to talk more about
the long game enough for Morris carrying
the ball we could do that but I think I
made my point
thank you